# reactive d3
A home for visualizing data in React applications with d3.js

## Table of contents
* [General info](#general-info)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Setup](#setup)
* [Testing](#testing)

## General info
This application is a React app that shows working examples of what D3 can do. Each example contains the application code used to generate the example along with styling. Also there is a Modules tab which contains specific api details contained in the body of D3. And lastly a tab named 'Resources' is a list of links to 3rd party sources to data, design, etc.
	
## Technologies
Project is created with:
* React: 16.8.6 or greater
* -code-splitting: with React Suspense and lazy()
* Node & Express:
* d3: (using modules ie. d3-scale)
* Webpack v.4
* Babel v.7
* React Router v.4
	
## Setup
Pull from github: [reactive-d3](https://github.com/M-garrigan/reactive-d3)

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/M-garrigan/reactive-d3.git
$ cd reactive-d3
```

Developer Build
```bash
// webpack build with watch flag
$ yarn build:dev

// nodemon watched express/node server
$ yarn start:dev
```

Production Build
```
// webpack prod build
$ yarn build

// start node server
$ yarn start
```

Also note all files in the dist/ directory is dynamically generated by webpack. So it is safe to completely remove this directory, this is helpfull if the applciation is caching old information or elements. 

So a script is provided to remove the dist/ in totality and is simply:
```
$ yarn clean
```

## Testing

This application uses Jest, React-Testing-Library and React-dom/test-utils for testing.

Test files are nested in the src/ dir next to their respective component.

The naming convention for test files is as follows.

ComponentName.TestType.test.js

A real example would be:
NavBar.unit.test.js
-or-
NavBar.snap.test.js  (where snap would indicate snapshot)

Two scripts are available: 

The first will run all tests
```
$ yarn test
```

The second will run show a table with coverage
```
$ yarn test:coverage
```